good morning everyone we're going to do
a quick little studio tour here this
morning so come on in it is chilly
outside our studio is attached to our
home and that is awesome to be able to
work kind of at home but have a separate
space if divided into two separate
sections so we'll go kind of just an
overview first then we'll go back
through to each little section the
actual studio natural light studio
edition I believe is 24 by 13
so 24 long by 13 wide and it faces the
window sides faced east and west so yeah
let's start I will go through here so
here's the full so you come in the door
this is the door we just came in and
then do like the sound effects okay when
you come into the right we have our
shooting space this is believe it or not
just painted concrete floor in a white
wall and it is called porch and floor
paint and it's a high-gloss I get asked
the question want what the white
background is and that's all it is and
as you can see there's just the wall and
then we do have a background system
where we keep our seamless papers on
it's very very awesome and those just
roll right down and so this is our
shooting space over here right on the
side of the door there's the door you
come in we have this nice little cabinet
this holds just randoms and some things
we use tapes gaffer tapes and little
just trinkets and things above this we
have our nice mirror hi guys there's you
and then we have little headbands some
of our more used rompers hats mostly
this is the girl stuff girl girl town we
have our big four-foot by I think it's 4
by 4 nice picture window this provides
great side light underneath that is our
p-tech unit I'm not quite sure what
p-tech stands for but it's very similar
to what you would find in a hotel it's a
heater and air conditioner and that baby
heats this place up wonderfully for
those newborn sessions again here's our
shooting wall
with our background stand and if we go
to the other side we have this awesomely
huge let me back up here Bank of windows
check them out this is our main light as
you can see just by the light pattern
Falls and we have that knife side light
from our picture window and then these
gorgeous doors two of them actually open
the center stationary and that is nine
feet by I want to say nine feet so nine
feet by nine feet
great great then we have in the other
half of the room which let me come over
here so I can show you the pullback
first this is our our office our semi
prop storage where our moms and dads
wait during the session as well as some
background stands there here is the
seating these chairs are so comfy and
they're actually his on hers can you see
the bigger one mom and pop chairs and
the nice little ottoman and in between
there we have a little bit of toys these
chairs I love these they actually
believe it not were picked up for
fourteen dollars at a secondhand store
love and love them above that we have
our gorgeous nursing picture of me and
my daughter Ellie that my husband took
believe it or not that is a three foot
by four foot canvas and above that we
have some of our leggings some of our
newborn preemie hats love them love them
so super cute and then we have over here
this um door and if there's the outfits
that we wore in the pictures I love
having those on display this door and
shutter set we use as backgrounds and
but it serves a purpose you guys can see
right here hiding behind there is where
all of our vinyl backdrops are so our
four foot rolls five foot rolls and six
foot rolls all hide behind there so we
have floor drops and background drops
right behind there we have our wedding
collage display our birthday collage
stand out and then our cards and
announcements as well as some other
custom boutique press printed products
love those super cute underneath there
we have our stools are posing stools
super important
for family sessions and those new baby
sessions the mom and dad to sit on we
have this nice super awesome trunk and I
just have it so it's a round top one and
I just have one of our buzzes on there
it's extra seating as well as there's
some bigger storage in there when I have
a session this is where kind of this is
where right here where I put all the
props for that session our prop room is
located on another level our house we
have a wonderful big prop room and so we
just carry up the props we need for that
actual session then we have the steps
and these steps go up into our house so
that's how it connects to our house
right up there through there's our
kitchen on this size we have on this
side sorry we have our canvases displays
the top one is our 16 by 20 size 11 by
14 and then 10 by 10 are below it that
gives us that nice size display here's
my desk my workstation this is where I
do my editing and right next to it I
have my wonderful chalkboard where I
write all my little daily to-do lists
here I have some of our trim as well as
my portable background stand above that
we have some of our return clients that
that one's a little crooked that's gonna
drive me nuts let's straighten that out
those are actually my niece's how cute
are they so we have that right above my
workstation so that's in this corner
here as well as my ladders you see them
tucked in here my ladders for my
sessions and then I actually just got
this piece today shout out to Amy thanks
Amy I think I'm going to distress it a
little bit I'm thinking a matte black or
a dark black and some some more
decorative hinges for it but I had a
little shelf there that was just an open
shelf and I wanted something taller and
closed and that works perfectly it's the
perfect perfect size I have my camera
bag sitting on top of there the other
one is tucked away in it and then behind
here these are actually pretty pretty
unique they are just our bigger straight
drop pieces our background pieces these
ones here Adam built me little frames so
they're wooden frames and then it's just
fabric the fabrics I use quite a bit
stretch over these frames I
is quite a bit of just fabrics for
backgrounds as well as our vinyl
backgrounds and so this way I don't have
to worry about the wrinkles in them and
these are more on our more popular used
ones so I have these all ins on frames
here and let's see let me pull out one
that doesn't have a back on it can you
see that there it's just literally a
frame that Adam built and then I stretch
the fabric and stapled it over there and
then we have some bigger bigger wood
panel pieces that we use for floor drops
back there too a big thing about this
studio is the great light reflects off
of our tin roof tin ceiling it's it's a
tin roof that we just put up as our
ceiling and so when the light comes in
not only does it bounce off our white
floors but it bounces off the ceiling
and so we get great natural light in
here I'll give you guys another pull
back view of the hole this side there
she is and then we will come over here
and I'll give you one last look at the
shooting side let's see if we can get up
on these stumps here
there we go well there you have it our
natural light studio it's not huge but
it's wonderful I absolutely love it
bye guys